Update 113-slices.md (#1780)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/109-golang/content/100-go-basics/113-slices.md

> # Slices
> 
> In Go a `slice` is a dinamincally-sized collection of elements of the same type.
> 
> Slices are defined like array, but without anything inside the square brackets, they behave like arrays but are **stored by reference** (i.e. copying a slice will result in referencing the same slice).
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> 
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Website' href='https://go.dev/tour/moretypes/6'>Go Slices</BadgeLink>
> 
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://youtu.be/YS4e4q9oBaU?t=6473'>Learn Go Programming - Slices (by freeCodeCamp on YouTube)</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Slices

Slices are similar to arrays but are more powerful and flexible. Like arrays, slices are also used to store multiple values of the same type in a single variable. However, unlike arrays, the length of a slice can grow and shrink as you see fit.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>

<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Website' href='https://go.dev/tour/moretypes/6'>Go Slices</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' href='https://www.w3schools.com/go/go_slices.php'>Slices in Go</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://youtu.be/YS4e4q9oBaU?t=6473'>Learn Go Programming - Slices (by freeCodeCamp on YouTube)</BadgeLink>
```
